Enable LTO in cmake (#846)
SOCI/soci: CMakeLists.txt

###############################################################################
# General settings
###############################################################################

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.9 FATAL_ERROR)

Reviewer: This is a big jump. Maybe it's time to finally leave CMake 2.8 behind, but I wonder if it would be possible to optionally have the LTO option only when CMake version is high enough while leaving this requirement unchanged for now? This would make the decision about merging this PR very easy to make.

Author: I'm not sure.
I will investigate further.

Author: As far as I know, [CheckIPOSupported]  and [CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION] which are the official, 
portable support for checking and enabling LTO are only available in 3.9 and later.

If we want to do it without requiring 3.9, we would have to manually write this by ourselves.

[CheckIPOSupported]: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/CheckIPOSupported.html
[CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION]: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION.html

Author: However, I did find an existing cmake script for checking lto support [here] that might be helpful.

[here]: https://github.com/wang-bin/cmake-tools/blob/46865006323046a3be0646373652087a91634aea/tools.cmake#L435

Author: @vadz I've found a solution:

I put a separate `cmake_minimum_required` check for the LTO code which are executed only when `SOCI_LTO` is set to 
`ON`.

The global cmake version is restored to 2.8

Author: Only when someone wants LTO support, will they have to use cmake 3.9

option(SOCI_STATIC "Enable build of static libraries" ON)
option(SOCI_TESTS "Enable build of collection of SOCI tests" ON)
option(SOCI_ASAN "Enable address sanitizer on GCC v4.8+/Clang v 3.1+" OFF)

> option(SOCI_LTO "Enable link time optimization" ON)

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the default value here. Wouldn't it apply to debug builds too, where we definitely don't want to use it by default?

Author: I didn't take that into consideration.

I would set it to off by default.

Author: Done

if (SOCI_LTO)
    # Check and enable lto support
    include(CheckIPOSupported)
    check_ipo_supported(RESULT supported)
    
    if (NOT supported)
        message(STATUS "IPO / LTO not supported")
    endif()
    
    if (supported AND NOT SOCI_ASAN)
        message(STATUS "IPO / LTO enabled")
        set(CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION TRUE)
    
        if (CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "Clang")
            # Check for lld as clang lto works best with its own linker
            include(CheckCXXCompilerFlag)
            check_cxx_compiler_flag("-fuse-ld=lld" HAS_LLD)
            if (HAS_LLD)
                SET(CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS  "${CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS} -fuse-ld=lld")
                SET(CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS  "${CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS} -fuse-ld=lld")
                SET(CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS  "${CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS} -fuse-ld=lld")
            endif()
        endif()
    elseif(supported)

>         message(STATUS "IPO / LTO is supported but conflicted with ASAN")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message(STATUS "IPO / LTO is supported but conflicts with ASAN and not enabled")
```
